---
title: "Boring"
layout: post
---

I open my eyes, and I'm still me. Same mind, same bed, same apartment, same Earth. I try my best to comply with last night's self and get out of bed at a reasonable time. I can't. Unconciousness is so much more appealing. Why would I, anyway?

Throughout the day, my mind has one and only one job: not to succumb to my addictions. Especially and mainly porn. One moment of carelessness would mean a complete slip-up. One bad trigger would mean a relapse, followed by what feels like the longest, harshest self-hatred. For being weak, for falling into temptation. I cope with this idea by eating. I'm not without irony.

I try to be a better man, but man is it hard. My days seem tinted by the same old numbing gray, and I can't but wonder if I'll ever feel normal again. Like people used to feel, back when gratification was only for the hard-working, and followers were only those of cult leaders... ... nevermind.

Late at night, I listen to Elon Musk's interview on JRE. I'd been postponing this since it came out, but YouTube randomly plays it and I offer no resistance. Ah, YouTube; just like eating.

I hear the word "boring". First, "The Boring Company". LA traffic sucks, so I'll just bore tunnels underneath it and blast my car through them to get there faster. Being him is such a curse, but such a blessing for humankind. Second, "boring Universe". I get nervous. I don't want to hear it. I know what this is, and I really don't want to hear it. I have enough on my plate, and I think about this way too often to want to hear it from someone else.

I skip forward. I laugh at his weed smoking instead. I close my eyes.
